Yeah so I just wanted to just at least put another slide together about this field inside a conductor.
This is often called a Faraday cage.
Again imagine we have this metal box here which is showing some of the charges outside and there's no
electric field right now anywhere in space.
Now what happens if I produce a large electric field in space somehow.
So in this case here somehow there is a big electric field being produced by another object.
And what that will do again is the electrons in this metal want to go in the opposite direction that's
where the forces.
That's the direction of the force acting on the negative charge.
So you could see that they're going to pile up more on this left side than the right side.
Right.
Because there's a force acting on them they are placed in a strong electric field.
So that means that if you look at the kind of the red kind of dashed line over here that means if I
compare one side of the cage to the other I have have a force on those electrons which means that one
side becomes more positively charged and the other side of the cage becomes more negatively charged.
So that means that these induced charges also produce an electric field.
So you really get two fields you get the one produced by the charges and the metal and you get the first
field that was there in the first place right.
And at the end those fields are going to cancel out by themselves.
OK.
And if they cancel out it means that the total electric field at the end of the day should be equal
to zero or pretty small inside the cage.
And here you can often see pictures of actually real world applications actually.
This guy is a little crazy this guy this thing over here is a helmet holds.
So this is called a Tesla coil to try that again a tesla coil.
And basically what it does is it produces really really large electric fields so large that it's able
to ionized the air all right and if you're able to ionized the air anywhere you have this giant electric
field over here then you can see this guy is inside a metal cage.
And again we only have a series of wires over here.
All right there's a series of wires that form a cage.
It doesn't have to be a full conductor and you know he's not being electrocuted he's not being zapped
right.
So we have actually a cancellation of electric fields and you can place either a human in there.
Sometimes these Faraday Cages are used to store sensitive equipment.
You might place it inside a metal box.
OK.
In order not to have it exposed to strong electric fields.
So that's kind of the concept of the Faraday cage.